h1. hxOpenFrameworks

"haXe":http://haxe.org/ binding of "OpenFrameworks":http://www.openframeworks.cc/.

h2. Why?

See my blog post "haXe for interactivity/creative coding":http://blog.onthewings.net/2010/05/06/haxe-for-interactivitycreative-coding/.

h2. Usage

Please refer to the examples under "of/examples":http://github.com/andyli/hxOpenFrameworks/tree/master/of/examples.

Refer to "compile.hxml":http://github.com/andyli/hxOpenFrameworks/blob/master/compile.hxml and "compile-mac.hxml":http://github.com/andyli/hxOpenFrameworks/blob/master/compile-mac.hxml for compilation.

Note that on Windows you need to copy ".hxcpp_config.xml":http://github.com/andyli/hxOpenFrameworks/blob/master/.hxcpp_config.xml to ==%USERPROFILE%==.

For API documentation please refer to the "original one":http://www.openframeworks.cc/documentation?adv=yes.

I have replaced the event system with "HSL":http://code.google.com/p/hxhsl/. However, you need the latest SVN version to workaround "a hxcpp bug":http://lists.motion-twin.com/pipermail/haxe/2010-September/038589.html. Simply get the SVN version of HSL and run @haxelib dev hsl-1 absolute/path/to/hxhsl/hsl source@ and @haxelib dev hsl-pico-1 absolute/path/to/hxhsl/hsl-pico source@.

__of__ prefix is removed except @ofLog@(there is @log@ for math).

Currently it supports Windows and Mac. Linux support will be added later.

Support C++ target only at this moment.

h2. Known issues

* @SoundStream@ is not working, the program crashes if you use it. If you're good at C++, please have a look and tell me why...
* @ofSerial@ and @ofArduino@ are not yet wrapped. If you need it, tell me or use "hxSerial":http://github.com/andyli/hxSerial.

h2. How to compiling ndll(not required for normal user)

* Clone this git repo by @git clone git://github.com/andyli/hxOpenFrameworks.git@
* @cd /path/to/hxOpenFrameworks@
* @git submodule init@
* @git submodule update@. It will clone the "openFramework fork":http://github.com/andyli/openFrameworks to _project/openFrameworks_.
* Compile openFramework by using the project of your platform in _project/openFrameworks/libs/openFrameworksCompiled/project_.
* @cd project@ and compile the ndll by @haxelib run hxcpp build.xml@.
